a quick one here for you boys you might
have noticed that when you go into your
weapons here by default you only have
your standard issue weapons available no
master
crafted and it only takes a couple of
missions on the easiest difficulty in
PVE operations mode to max out each of
these weapons and then you're stuck
you're unable to advance past these
initial two perks and get all these
extra perks that you get later on in the
game furthermore if you look over here
these mastercrafted versions have better
stats more ammo more damage more range
it depends on the
gun so the question is how do you unlock
these mastercrafted items in the PVE
mode well you need these data slates now
these data slates can be found if you
play easy or medium threet difficulty
PVE
missions so if we quickly go over to the
launch bear
you'll notice when we choose these
missions if we look here for ballistic
engine it says discoverable Armory data
in the rewards and that's because in the
top left here my threet is minimal if I
change it to average it will stay the
same I'll get more money and more XP but
still a green Armory data slate if I put
the difficulty to substantial that will
be increased to a purple one but for now
when you're starting the game you just
want to get three of those green data
slates because that will allow you to
change your Armament free weapons that
you've got on you your primary your
secondary and your melee to
mastercrafted to get you started now the
problem is that these are in random
locations on the map obviously there
will be a pre-defined amount of them we
don't know where yet and each Mission
takes 40 minutes that's a long time
right you just want to get them really
quickly for your chosen class well here
is the tip do the trials of combat there
are different trials for each of the
classes you must do the solo click the
trials and you can see here if you get
the a class reward you will get a
mastercrafted data slate so it literally
takes a minute 40 seconds with ease and
you're going to get three of them when
you complete all the trials for your
class and then boom you can get
mastercrafted weapons cuz you can
upgrade them and then you've can earn a
lot more XP with them and get more perks
isn't that fun if you are having trouble
with any of these challenges check the
description of this video I'm going to
have links to just no commentary footage
of me completing all of the challenges
at the Top Rank and earning those green
data slates that's going to be all for
you boy top at this time I am signing
out